Enhance CronJob module (#1493)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/hungry-hornets-agree.md

---
"@comet/cms-admin": major
"@comet/cms-api": major
---

> Enhance CronJob Module
> 
> -   CronJob page now shows lastest job run
> -   CronJob page allows to trigger cron jobs manually
> -   Subpage of CronJob page shows all job runs
> 
> Warning: Only include this module if all your users should be able to trigger cron jobs manually or you have sufficient access control in place.
> 
> Includes following changes to the public api:
> 
> -   JobStatus is renamed to KubernetesJobStatus to avoid naming conflicts
> -   Rename BuildRuntime to JobRuntime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enhance CronJob module

-   Show latest job run on `CronJobsPage`
-   Add option to manually trigger cron jobs to `CronJobsPage`
-   Add subpage to `CronJobsPage` that shows all job runs

Warning: Only include this module if all your users should be able to trigger cron jobs manually or you have sufficient access control in place.

Includes the following breaking changes:

-   Rename `JobStatus` to `KubernetesJobStatus` to avoid naming conflicts
-   Rename `BuildRuntime` to `JobRuntime`
```

Author: f14c9a24a070b9b657536175d59228bb4ec51bc2
